- # iMac 2017

### Objectives

- Describe significant features of the iMac (2017) models:
    - iMac (21.5-inch, 2017)
    - iMac (Retina 4K, 21.5-inch, 2017)
    - iMac (Retina 5K, 27-inch, 2017)
- Identify appropriate precautions to ensure personal and workplace safety when servicing these iMacs
- Identify specialized tools, fixtures, or procedures required to service these iMacs
- Describe selected service issues and procedures for the iMac (2017) models

### Safety Precautions

- After unplugging, wait at least 2 minutes for the capacitors to discharge.
- **Warning:** iMac (Late 2012 – 2017) models require **two protective** covers (923-0189) when performing live adjustments; one for the power supply and one for the backlight control circuitry on the logic board. Secure the covers to the rear housing with tape, as shown in the last image below.
- **Coin Battery Replacement**
    - For the iMac (21.5-inch, 2017), the battery is placed with the positive side (+) facing up.
    - For the iMac (Retina 4K, 21.5-inch, 2017), the battery is inserted vertically with the negative side (-) facing towards the metal clip.
    - For the iMac (Retina 5K, 27-inch, 2017), the battery is placed with the positive side (+) facing up.

#### Resources

- TP914 - Safety for iMac 21.5-inch late 2012 to 2017 and iMac Retina 4k 21.5-inch, late 2015 and 2017
- TP820 - Safety for iMac (27-inch late 2012 and late 2013) and iMac (Retina 5k, 27-inch, Late 2014, mid 2015, Late 2015, and 2017)

### Service Considerations

#### VBS Strips

- Make sure to pay attention to the microphone location when replacing VBS strips.  
- The bottom right VBS strips are different in the 2017 models are different than any other iMac model
- The bottom right strips labeled 4R (on the 21.5-inch 2017 models) and 25 (on the 27-inch 2017 model) have perforations in the VHB for the microphone hole.

#### EMI Absorber Tape

- New procedure for DIMM replacment in iMac 21.5-inch 2017 and iMac 21.5-inch Retina 4k. EMI tape is used to cover DIMMs in lower mem slot.
    - 923-01810 Absorber, EMI, 15mm, iMac (21.5-inch, 2017)
    - 923-01811 Absorber, EMI, 26.5mm iMac (Retina 4K, 21.5-inch, 2017)

#### Microphone Flex Cable

- PCB cable, very delicate, entire rear housing will need to be replaced if the cable is damaged.
- When performing repairs, the cable must be taped down.

### Take Apart

- iMac 21.5-inch 2012-2017
    - Logic Board
    - Don't forget to run the blankboard serializer
    - Wireless card
    - Flash storage - do a data backup before removal
- iMac 27-inch 2012-2017
    - Logic Board - 5 different torx screws need to be removed
    - Wireless card protector fits around the logic board standoff
    - Don't forget to run the blankboard serializer
    - Wireless card
    - Flash storage - do a data backup before removal

### Repair Completion

- Make to run a full diagnostic test after completing a repair to make sure that new symptoms have not been introduced.
- Make sure to thoroughly clean the device according to facility guidelines. 
